Doc: Add changes to README. (#152)
UniPiTechnology/evok: README.md

- Updating Evok from v2 to v3 is unsupported.
- Migration from Debian 10 is unsupported and it's recommended to start from a fresh operating system.
- The configuration of Evok has been completely rewritten to yaml. Hardware configuration is using tree structure. See more information in the [Evok configuration](https://evok.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configs/evok_configuration/).
- Evok can communicate with more Modbus TCP servers.
- The device names in the API now match the name in the configuration. For more information see [evok configuration](https://evok.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configs/evok_configuration/).
- [Aliases](https://evok.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configs/aliases/) system of I/Os has been rewritten and are saved 5 mins after change, not immediately. Saving can be forced via API.
- Structure of the aliases configuration file has been changed. Evok automatically updates the configuration file if an old version is loaded.
- Added option 'all' instead of circuit using API (/rest/relay/all).

> - RO and DO was split separate endpoints in the API (/rest/relay & /rest/output).

Reviewer: RO and DO were split into sep*

> - RO and DO were split separate endpoints in the API (/rest/relay & /rest/output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RO and DO were split into separate endpoints in the API (/rest/relay & /rest/output).
```

> - Relay entities are excluded from the 'output' endpoint and have a separate 'relay' endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Relay entities are excluded from the `output` endpoint and have a separate `relay` endpoint.
```
